In this section, we are going to learn about
port security.
Port security is used to securing interface in switch. We are going to learn with an example case, let’s just start.
Let’s import 1 switch. We are going to use 2960.
Next let’s import some server, let’s say 3 server.
And then for testing, let’s also import 1 pc. Now
let’s connecting all server and pc to the switch.
Okay done, let’s change the name
of the server, this is server 1,
this is server 2, and this is server 3.
Here we can see that server 1 is connected
to fa0/1, server 2 is connected to fa0/2,
and server 3 is connected to fa0/3. So here we
know that fa0/1 until fa0/3 is used for server.
For example, someday there is a hacker go to
Data Center, so let’s say this computer is hacker.
The hacker unplug the cable from server 1
and then connecting the cable to their computer.
Here let’s unplug the cable from the server
and then connect the cable to the hacker pc.
In this case, switch should block fa0/1, so
the hacker can not send packet to anywhere.
To block fa0/1 if there is an illegal
computer connected to it like this,
we will need to configure
port security on the switch.
Okay so that is the concept of port security.
In the next video we are going to practice about port security.
Thankyou for watching and see you on the next video